fix typo (#922)
Consensys/doc.linea: docs/get-started/how-to/connect-wallet.mdx

:::info TanStack Query

TanStack Query, formerly known as React Query, is a library that adds state management for the 

> on-chain data your dapp requests from the blockchain using Wagmi hooks. It's not essential, but 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
onchain data your dapp requests from the blockchain using Wagmi hooks. It's not essential, but 
```
